[Music]
welcome to slash forward into Friday the
13th part six Jason lives let's get to
it this movie opens on an older Tommy
Jarvis taking an evening drive with his
bud planning to complete some
acclimation therapy by digging up and
destroying Jason's body as they arrive
at the headstone and begin digging the
weather takes a turn for the worse no
all the way how many beasts out and
pulls free a wrought iron picket and
driving it into Jason's corpse and thus
begins his true therapy session Tommy
goes to get the gas can but his
lightning rod does his job before he's
able drawing in two bolts just enough to
kick-start Jason back to life when Tommy
climbs out of the pit Jason grabs him
Tommy gets the gas cannon attempts to
light a match but is thwarted by Mother
Nature who was apparently fine with this
abomination his partner steps up and
breaks a shovel across Jason's back
unfortunately it's not quite enough and
he gets his heart punched out Tommy
wisely runs off and goes straight to the
sheriff's office however their energy
just doesn't match and the sheriff
doesn't take kindly to Jason talk in
these parts
having relegated the town's history to a
mere urban legend like this is Elm
Street or something since they do things
their own way around here he promptly
puts Tommy in the cage with the
intention of having him escorted out of
town the next day we then cut to a
couple driving through the woods looking
for a can they have a showdown with
Jason who's blocking their path they
make the smart choice of backing away
slowly but gets stuck in a mud hole that
apparently wasn't there when they were
travelling forward he tries to scare
Jason off with the tiny revolver and
gets crotch jousted then she flops
around in a puddle for a few seconds
before getting staked the next morning
we find out that these two were the head
counselors for the new version of Camp
Crystal Lake which is also staffed by
the sheriff's daughter Megan and her
friends they arrive at the station to
ask for an APB on the head counselors
Tommy takes this opportunity to fill
them in on the deets about Jason and
Megan feels in the instantaneous animal
attraction to this bad boy the sheriff
decides to run them off and deport Tommy
himself lest his innocent daughter's
reputation becomes soiled back at the
cemetery Martin afraid that he'll be
viewed as a slacker for allowing the
desecration of a grave does a quick body
check and then fills it back in at camp
we see the remaining cows are stocking
up when the kids arrived and it becomes
apparently obvious that the ratio of
adults to children is way off right from
the start
it is likely to only get worse as time
goes on before we get into that though
we're shown a group of corporate
Psychopaths engaged in a team-building
exercise in the woods the main thing to
take away from this is that they provide
Jason with the machete and they all die
Tommy is leading the way out
he decides to take a last ditch detour
to the cemetery and it almost runs the
full gauntlet before being taken down
and subsequently discovers the grave has
been covered over the officers show how
far they're willing to take it when they
point guns at his face and hit him with
some hyper aggressive threats wherever
the red dot goes yeah bang yeah yeah are
they escort him to the county line
threaten his life once more for good
measure and then head back that night
while martin is wandering through the
woods he gets glassed by his beloved new
ultimate betrayal
attracted by the noise this Rando comes
upon the grisly scene it attempts to
flee with his new fiancee they barely
make it to his moped before getting
kebabbed
we then transition to this RV where a
couple of youngsters are enjoying some
Jazzercise style intercourse it's super
great which we know because court keeps
saying it hoping to make it true they
get interrupted by a sudden power outage
court takes a look and finds the plug
mangled they make the smart choice and
decide to skedaddle however their
momentary absence provided Jason enough
time to stow away
so as Court drives recklessly down the
road and jams out his date is stuck in
the bathroom also getting jammed out
Courtin gets knifed deep in the temple
and flips this [ __ ] meanwhile the
police have found the first victims in
the woods
the sheriff assumes this was Tommy
taking extreme steps to convince
everyone of jason's return he leaves
Meagan alone at the station resulting in
her getting a call from Tommy trying to
warn the police again about Jason's
return armed with knowledge he has a
plan to defeat him and Meagan suggests
coming to pick him up to help him gather
his supplies right about then Jason
finally arrives at the camp Cissy hears
a noise outside her cabin and assuming
it's a prank attempts to counter prank
which Garner's no response so she begins
to lean out and see what's going on but
ends up being pulled into the abyss
meanwhile Megan and Tommy are stopped up
and on their way to camp when they hit a
roadblock never want to turn down a
thrill ride Megan crams Tommy's face
into her crotch and gasses it she puts
in a valiant effort but it eventually
finds herself blocked off by her dad who
doesn't hesitate to bear down on her
with a shotgun back at the station to
get more news of discovered bodies and
argue about the Tommy vs Jason's Lemon
Megan then asks a pertinent question
uh-huh do you even investigate bro
Megan was with Tommy at the time of the
murders still not totally convinced the
sheriff goes to the camp and leaves
Tommy locked up back at camp Paula the
final counselor falls victim leaving the
kids unsupervised and at risk of death
at the jail Megan in Tommy plays some
mind games and get the upper hand on the
deputy who is now in the receiving end
of his own killer line
his submission indicates he believes
Megan would actually pull the trigger
which is pretty hardcore on the way to
camp we find the plan is to drown Jason
at the original point of his death to
get rid of him for good already there is
a sheriff whose presence draws Jason off
the children sheriff Garris checks the
children who finds a bloody scene as his
two officers get picked off one by one
Tommy gets in position with his log
chain and atlas stone but Megan starts
calling for help drawing attention to
herself worried for her safety the
sheriff takes action putting the boots
to Jason and getting himself folded in
half the hard way from there Jason
apparently harboring some deep
insecurities is easily distracted with a
few insults and willingly Wade's into
the water after Tommy Tommy lights the
lake on fire and manages to get the
chain around his neck but gets pulled
under in the process megan swims out to
check on Tommy who appears to be playing
hippo in the water when Jason shows
signs of life she puts a prop in his
face and chums the water good ending the
story for now we close on this
installment with Jason alive but stuck
under the water at Camp Crystal Lake and
that was the sixth installment I hope
you enjoyed the video thanks for
watching
[Applause]
[Music]